the laboratory of those who drew attention miller said that with everything and
he has to live and always fight peddresses still this is something that
you usually do not see any football stadium 2010 for any of
the four brothers
as not because according to the highlight was returned the 10 and the physical trainer
it looked like it would achieve function of the coaches in it
and obviously there is a lot of room for this is that I do not know yet if the woman and she
At this moment, the independent Palestinian state in Segovia is going through a
tablet
yes, two centuries later
that is, when we arrived by sebastián romero we talked and we saw in
asia although it is true
so many in the sector area
all which way but if it's true
obieta in his house seeing photos with his eyes and we have won in places like
entel cent
ps and went through
the coffee
what is one of the places where you want to join the fans of the pnv les
I present for the games indicative that there is queue there is queue to enter
if there are no people
and today the people who are activists etc are saying
all this must be taken
and precisely a little
now we are going to give precisions made use of force in things
the president of ypfb
the purpose of this
good luck
but the goal did not come
angel valdez
some that the fact the torico perhaps for short tournaments of not having to mouth already
river as protagonists the reds takes student by falcao garcía
vélez had ups and downs then also
he won 2 we'll see what happens this afternoon so it ends here now let's see with
the appointment completing the stadium of the double cement visor there is a climate
festive
full the popular visitor threw to the tracks all the platea lamb also I
I guess we do not see but you see in the picture from minute to minute
e the audience in front of the astonishment of the series of thirty distant stabilizes full
vehicle will remain in empty places
on the rostrum and twenty trophies once the fans of avellaneda
people are not independent occurrence with red flag but a lot of people are
is on levels including banners the lamb full of people
full of neuer flags the rostrum of stalls opposite
and not to mention what is to our right
all the rostrum with those bulls their hooks steps the visiting team is
in the afternoon rosarina people are all red with black leather yesterday the heat and there was
red is painting a heavenly heavenly heaven I have finished although I did it with the
gold
the volcano Herreño 1 the thumb in full employment and want to turn around with only
tie they forget
the walk